README.md, before:

![Tests](https://github.com/PlatypusBytes/rose/actions/workflows/workflow.yml/badge.svg)
[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/rose-model/badge/?version=latest)](https://rose-model.readthedocs.io/)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/PlatypusBytes/rose/graph/badge.svg?token=BxXZoumoIt)](https://codecov.io/gh/PlatypusBytes/rose)

# README #

ROSE consists of a software for the computation of railway track degradation.

The ROSE software simulates train-track interaction, and computes the resulting
long-term deformation caused by train traffic.

The ROSE software allows the use of data in order to improve the schematisation
and parameterisation of the model.

![scheme](./docs/_static/scheme.png)

## Developers
The ROSE software has been developed within a TKI project, and in a consortium with the following partners:

* [Deltares](https://www.deltares.nl)

* [ProRail](https://www.prorail.nl)

* [Sensar](https://www.sensar.nl)

* [Fugro](https://www.fugro.com/nl)

* [Ricardo Rail](https://www.ricardo.com/rail/)

Commit message:

Update README with installation instructions and partners

README.md, after:

![Tests](https://github.com/PlatypusBytes/rose/actions/workflows/workflow.yml/badge.svg)
[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/rose-model/badge/?version=latest)](https://rose-model.readthedocs.io/)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/PlatypusBytes/rose/graph/badge.svg?token=BxXZoumoIt)](https://codecov.io/gh/PlatypusBytes/rose)

# README

ROSE consists of a software for the computation of railway track degradation.

The ROSE software simulates train-track interaction, and computes the resulting
long-term deformation caused by train traffic.

The ROSE software allows the use of data in order to improve the schematisation
and parameterisation of the model.

![scheme](./docs/_static/scheme.png)


# Installation

To install the ROSE software, you can use the following command:

```bash
pip install git+https://github.com/PlatypusBytes/ROSE
```

Further information about installation and use of the software can be found in the
[documentation](https://rose-model.readthedocs.io/).


# Partners
The ROSE software has been developed within a TKI project, and in a consortium with the following partners:

* [Deltares](https://www.deltares.nl)

* [ProRail](https://www.prorail.nl)

* [Sensar](https://www.sensar.nl)

* [Fugro](https://www.fugro.com/nl)

* [Ricardo Rail](https://www.ricardo.com/rail/)
